## tech channels
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCVls1GmFKf6WlTraIb_IaJg	# Distrotube
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC2eYFnH61tmytImy1mTYvhA        # luke smith
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC7YOGHUfC1Tb6E4pudI9STA	# Mental outlaw
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5UAwBUum7CPN5buc-_N1Fw	# Linux Experiment
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCngn7SVujlvskHRvRKc1cTw	# bugswriter
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZWadyLVO4ZnMgLrRVtS6VA	# baby wogue
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCbiGcwDWZjz05njNPrJU7jA 	# ExplainingComputers
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCJQJ4GjTiq5lmn8czf8oo0Q 	# PowerCert Animated Videos
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCKmOY6p3c9hxv3vJMAF8vVw	# Daniel Robbins / BDFLFUN2
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC52X5wxOL_s5yw0dQk7NtgA	# Associated Press
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCnEiGCE13SUI7ZvojTAVBKw	# Bill Gates
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCq6aw03lNILzV96UvEAASfQ	# bill wurtz
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCPgLNge0xqQHWM5B5EFH9Cg 	# The Telegraph
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCzuqE7-t13O4NIDYJfakrhw	# Democracy Now
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC6ZFN9Tx6xh-skXCuRHCDpQ	# PBS NewsHour
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCHd62-u_v4DvJ8TCFtpi4GA	# Washington Post
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZaT_X_mc0BI-djXOlfhqWQ 	# VICE News
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCLXo7UDZvByw2ixzpQCufnA 	# Vox
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCUMZ7gohGI9HcU9VNsr2FJQ	# Bloomberg Quicktake
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCftwRNsjfRo08xYE31tkiyw 	# WIRED
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCy6kyFxaMqGtpE3pQTflK8A 	# Real Time with Bill Maher
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCHkapYFq5ev4PDAxZQ_PF9Q 	# Skavlan
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCPDis9pjXuqyI7RYLJ-TTSA 	# Faily Army
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC85rJiWmYQV8Shk3QWXT8MQ 	# Vancity Vanlife
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCuR_yqhM5hgds2LMQYPl2Aw	# Tinyhouse Jeep
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCqwxJts-6yF33rupyF_DCsA	# Life Where I'm From (Japan)
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCO8DQrSp5yEP937qNqTooOw 	# Strange Parts
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC6107grRI4m0o2-emgoDnAA 	# SmarterEveryday
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCEIdqBB8_9axFXzj3oAMdpg 	# The Mer & The Man
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCr5jq6MC_VCe1c5ciIZtk_w 	# Center for Strategic & International Studies
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCrKhoJu5EeWXBK5jpEj6uvw	# Cinecurry Hollywood
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTKpdDNg-FgqRDg7TbIOgoQ	# All soviet movies on RVISION
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC_sXrcURB-Dh4az_FveeQ0Q	# Documentary Tube
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0JAcvt-Q5GSoSMr8NIOS4A	# 4TankersAndDog
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCLwluonD3CuhTaVLlmSQ-VQ	# Animated Stats
